Create paddle_slim_en.md (#826)
PaddlePaddle/FluidDoc: doc/fluid/advanced_usage/paddle_slim/paddle_slim_en.md

- The pruning and compression strategies support more network structures
- The distillation strategy supports multipy ways, and users can customize the combination of losses
- Support rapid configuration of multiple compression strategies for combined use

Refer to [Use Introduction](https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/models/blob/develop/PaddleSlim/docs/usage.md) for more details.

## Introduction to Framework

The overall principle of the model compression tool is briefly introduced here to make you understand the use process.
**figure 1** shows the architecture of the model compression tool, which is a API-relying relation from top to bottom. The distillation, quantization and pruning modules all rely on the bottom paddle framework indirectly. At present, the model compression tool serves as a part of PaddlePaddle framework, so users who have installed paddle of ordinary version have to download and install paddle supporting model compression again for the compression function.

<p align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/models/blob/develop/PaddleSlim/docs/images/framework_0.png?raw=true" height=252 width=406 hspace='10'/> <br />
<strong>figure 1</strong>
</p>

> As **figure 1** shows, the top purple module is user interface. When calling the model compression function in Python scripts, we only need to construct a Compressor object. Please refer to [Use Document](https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/models/blob/develop/PaddleSlim/docs/usage.md) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As **figure 1** shows, the top purple module is the user interface. When calling the model compression function in Python scripts, we only need to construct a Compressor object. Please refer to [Documentation](https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/models/blob/develop/PaddleSlim/docs/usage.md) for more details.
```

> We call every compression algorithms compression strategies, which are called during the process of training models iteratively to complete model compression, as is shown in **figure 2**. The logic is packaged in the tool for model compression, and users only need to provide network structures, data and optimizers for model training. Please refer to [Use Document](https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/models/blob/develop/PaddleSlim/docs/usage.md) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We call every compression algorithms compression strategies, which are called during the process of training models iteratively to complete model compression, as is shown in **figure 2**. The logic is packaged in the toolset for model compression, and users only need to provide network structures, data and optimizers for model training. Please refer to [Use Document](https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/models/blob/develop/PaddleSlim/docs/usage.md) for more details.
```
